[canton-15209] Remove agreement text from 3.x (#639)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/3.0.0/docs/concepts/ledger-model/ledger-integrity.rst

In the example, the contract model specifies that

> #. an `Iou obligor owner` contract has only the `obligor` as a signatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. An `Iou obligor owner` contract has only the `obligor` as a signatory.
```

> #. a `MustPay obligor owner` contract has both the `obligor`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. A `MustPay obligor owner` contract has both the `obligor`
```

   and the `owner` as signatories.

> #. a `PaintOffer houseOwner painter obligor refNo` contract has only the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. A `PaintOffer houseOwner painter obligor refNo` contract has only the
```

   painter as the signatory.
   Its associated key consists of the painter and the reference number.
   The painter is the maintainer.

> #. a `PaintAgree houseOwner painter refNo` contract has both the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. A `PaintAgree houseOwner painter refNo` contract has both the
```

several subtle links to the concepts of the contract law that are
worth pointing out.

First, contracts specify implicit **on-ledger
obligations**, which result from consequences of the exercises on
contracts. For example, the `PaintOffer` contains an on-ledger
obligation for `A` to transfer her IOU in case she accepts the offer.

Second, every contract on a Daml ledger can model a real-world offer, 
whose consequences (both on- and off-ledger) are specified by the 

> **Exercise** actions on the contract allowed by the contract model, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Exercise** actions on the contract allowed by the contract model.
```

Third, in Daml ledgers, as in the real world, one person's rights are
another person's obligations. For example, `A`'s right to accept the
`PaintOffer` is `P`'s obligation to paint her house in case she
accepts.
In Daml ledgers, a party's rights according to a contract model are 

> the exercise actions the party can perform according to the authorization 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the exercise actions the party can perform, based on the authorization 
```
